bank-account: split description into instructions and introduction (#2441)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/bank-account/instructions.md

# Instructions

> Your task is to simulate a bank supporting opening/closing accounts, withdrawals, and deposits of money.

Reviewer: This sentence reads to me like our code is responsible for managing the bank itself, but in reality, the exercise is modeling an account inside the bank.

> As bank accounts can be accessed in many different ways (internet, mobile phones, automatic charges), make sure that your bank accounts can safely be accessed from multiple threads/processes (terminology depends on your programming language) in parallel.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth being a bit more verbose here and spelling out what needs doing in more detail?

Author: Maybe so. Thoughts on wording?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As bank accounts can be accessed in many different ways (internet, mobile phones, automatic charges), your bank software must allow accounts to be safely accessed from multiple threads/processes (terminology depends on your programming language) in parallel.
For example, there may be many deposits and withdrawals occurring in parallel; you need to ensure there is no [race conditions][helpful link] between when you read the account balance and set the new balance.
```

# Instructions

Your task is to implement bank accounts supporting opening/closing, withdrawals, and deposits of money.

As bank accounts can be accessed in many different ways (internet, mobile phones, automatic charges), your bank software must allow accounts to be safely accessed from multiple threads/processes (terminology depends on your programming language) in parallel.

> For example, there may be many deposits and withdrawals occurring in parallel; you need to ensure there is no [race conditions][helpful link] between when you read the account balance and set the new balance.

Reviewer 3: `you need to ensure there is no [race conditions][helpful link]`

Does anyone have a helpful link for race conditions?

* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_condition#In_software
* https://www.techtarget.com/searchstorage/definition/race-condition
* https://devopedia.org/race-condition-software

Reviewer 4: I liked this one for its refreshing lack of ads: https://startup-house.com/glossary/race-condition.
But the devopedia one is nice with its diagrams.

Author: I like the wikipedia link best, with clear text and the table it shows is very helpful I feel.
